Export documentation for Rewrite Proof rules. (#10703)
cvc5/cvc5: docs/proofs/proof_rules.rst

Proof Rules
===========

This section introduces two enumerations: :cpp:enum:`ProofRule <cvc5::ProofRule>` and :cpp:enum:`ProofRewriteRule <cvc5::ProofRewriteRule>`.

> The :cpp:enum:`ProofRule <cvc5::ProofRule>` enumeration captures the reasoning steps performed by the SAT and theory solvers. It represents the inference rules used to derive conclusions within a proof.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :cpp:enum:`ProofRule <cvc5::ProofRule>` enumeration captures the reasoning steps performed by the SAT solver, the theory solvers or by the preprocessor. It represents the inference rules used to derive conclusions within a proof.
```

> Conversely, the :cpp:enum:`ProofRewriteRule <cvc5::ProofRewriteRule>` enumeration pertains to the pre-processing performed on terms. It represents the rewrites that are applied to terms to simplify or transform them before they are sent to the solvers for reasoning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :cpp:enum:`ProofRewriteRule <cvc5::ProofRewriteRule>` enumeration pertains to rewrites performed on terms. These identifiers are arguments of the proof rules :cpp:enumerator:`THEORY_REWRITE <cvc5::ProofRule::THEORY_REWRITE>` and :cpp:enumerator:`DSL_REWRITE <cvc5::ProofRule::DSL_REWRITE>`.
```
